{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Courier;}}
\f0\fs22
Google Ads API Tool Design Document\par
\par
1. Tool name\par
BBrightcode Marketing Snapshot Tool\par
\par
2. Purpose\par
This internal tool collects marketing performance data from Google Ads, GA4, and PostHog.\par
Its purpose is to create a weekly operating snapshot for BBrightcode.\par
The Google Ads API portion is used only for internal reporting and campaign monitoring.\par
\par
3. Business use\par
BBrightcode is a software company.\par
We use Google Ads to acquire leads for our software development services.\par
We need a simple internal reporting tool to review cost, clicks, conversions, and campaign level performance.\par
\par
4. Users\par
Only internal users will have access to this tool.\par
Primary users are the founder and internal operators who review weekly marketing results.\par
The tool is not offered to the public and is not offered to external clients.\par
\par
5. Data access pattern\par
The tool reads campaign performance data from Google Ads API.\par
It does not create campaigns, edit bids, change budgets, or manage customer accounts.\par
It is a read-only reporting workflow.\par
\par
6. Main workflow\par
1. Load credentials from the local environment.\par
2. Request an access token through OAuth.\par
3. Call Google Ads API searchStream for the target customer account.\par
4. Collect campaign id, campaign name, status, impressions, clicks, cost, and conversions.\par
5. Normalize the response into a JSON snapshot.\par
6. Combine the Google Ads result with GA4 and PostHog results for internal reporting.\par
\par
7. Data stored\par
The tool stores only summary reporting output.\par
Examples: impressions, clicks, cost, conversions, sessions, and key event counts.\par
It does not store end-user personal data from Google Ads.\par
\par
8. Security and access control\par
Credentials are stored locally and used only by internal operators.\par
The tool runs in BBrightcode's internal environment.\par
No public user interface is exposed.\par
No external customer access is provided.\par
\par
9. Technical implementation\par
Current implementation file:\par
tools/marketing-data/fetch_marketing_snapshot.py\par
\par
The script calls Google Ads API, GA4 Data API, and PostHog query API.\par
Results are returned as JSON for internal use.\par
\par
10. Scope of Google Ads API usage\par
Read-only reporting for BBrightcode's own Google Ads account.\par
No third-party management platform.\par
No resale or redistribution.\par
No bulk account creation.\par
No policy circumvention.\par
\par
11. Planned outcome\par
The tool helps BBrightcode review weekly channel performance quickly and accurately.\par
It reduces manual reporting work and supports better marketing decisions.\par
}
